# prep for postdoc interview


how do we know that 
if affective information is prior, it should be processed faster than referential information

otherwise


is this really about valence versus domain?

alternative hypothesis:

salience (high versus low)

norming for frequency
competing alternative hypothesis 

camilo's paper on affective meaning
(seems to support their claim about expressive meaning)

virtual 

morphological mismatch between picture 
choose affective component over grammatical component

What exactly is affective meaning?


have fully neutral words
affective component in context
is the affective component even when not lexically encoded?

faster for core compoenent of meaning (swinney)

!controlling for frequency


control for similarity priming


looking for items differences


hug and like are conceptually similar
hugging is a consequence of liking

produce and destroy
produce and burn



Same dom / different valence:
receive / take
overlapping event descriptions

what exactly 

make love / fuck

instructions
fillers?



for experiment 2:
examples where the words overlap 

register variation
colloquial versus formal

what exactly is affective meaning?


experiment 1:
counterbalancing for left and right handedness

literature to review:
zajnic 2000
camilo's paper
vicki lai
(Ku, L.-C., Allen, J. B. B., & Lai, V.T. (2022). Attention and regulation during emotional word comprehension in older adults: Evidence from event-related potentials and brain oscillations. Brain & Language, 227, 105086. )

penny pexman



point out all the problems and suggest different ways that it could 

----------------------------------------------------
Notes of what to say
----------------------------------------------------

First of all, more rigorous norming
for words, need to control for effects of frequency (word surprisal) on RT (smith and Levy 2008)



Experiment 1:


> controls with t or f answers for accuracy in order to remove participants

> controls with non-affective words


Experiment 2:
